All right.
Welcome back my dear student.
So now we're doing this right here just in case we have a photo but if we don't have one we're going
to do whatever is here.
So we're going to say user Oh come on
create and create input.
OK.
Now before we do this here remember that our password field is not getting encrypted right.
When able to encrypt that so let's actually do this right now so we're going to do input
or passwords or not another field that passed was not getting Crypta right.
So we're going to do a big crypt and we're going to get the requests password
actually.
Yeah
actually
yeah that's ok I guess.
Yeah that's fine yeah.
That's OK.
All right.
So I think we're good here.
I'm double checking stuff.
But if we have a problem we'll fix it.
But I think it's doing great right now.
All right let's check this out real quick.
Open up a browser somewhere.
Looks like I already have one of these windows open here.
Let's create a user and we're going to call.
Going to give these users some type of generic name.
Let's call them John and John called and faculty of course he works for us.
He's in the team.
And he this guy is going to be an author is active.
And let's give him a photo.
All right I'm going to give him a photo of me of course but I think I have a folder of pictures there
that I'm going to give you guys.
So make sure that you ask for it.
It's use a bow a picture of women and guys.
All right.
Nothing that you should now see is just normal stuff.
And let's just give them a password let's just say his e-mail his password is 1 2 3 4 and 5.
Let's see if letters do that enter.
And we are now returning by the way we should it return.
But let's just refresh this.
See what we get.
All right cool.
This is we get a user ID number five and you probably have a different result in your database.
That's OK.
Roll IDs 2 which means there's an author he's asked if his name was John e-mail and we think we are
even encrypted the password here.
Let's look at photo I.D. photo I.D. number wine.
Beautiful.
And let's check our fotos field here.
We have created a photo with a time appended to it.
Look at that beautiful guys.
You've done a really good job here.
All right.
Now let's check on the Pali directory to see if we created that image image just for her.
Well I have to synchronize my stuff all the time.
I'm having issues with this copy of BHB storm as you can see.
We got images and we got this.
So now we can actually do some type of commed right.
So let's add it up good add.
Let's do.
Good comment.
And we're going to commed users
with photos working or something like that.
You can be more descriptive guys and just giving you an idea how this is done.
All I try to be descriptive on where you are when you're typing these messages.
All right so users with photo photos
you can pull features or for overloading.
Overloading
.
So users were uploading feature working or something like that and then enter a beautiful good log just
to make sure.
And as you can see we have this comment right here.
All right cool.
Good job if you were able to get this far.
You're doing awesome.
Let's continue learning some more stuff and so in having fun guys.
All right.
If you want you can take a little rest and come back and where you can see things a little bit more
clearly.
Thank you and see you in the next lecture